when is the global economic collapse
going to take effect many people are
asking that question so let's talk about
it today
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you I'm always seeing in
the comments people saying when is it
going to happen I've been waiting since
2009 and is nowhere to be found I could
have made so much money in between then
and now and that is a fact you could
have seen your assets appreciating since
2009 March 2009 up until today you would
have made a killing if you were to
invest in an Amazon Facebook any of the
Fang stock if you would have done that
prior and not listen to me
then you would have done well well
that's what the comments say well of
course I've never told anybody to do
anything so that's number one where you
wrong and number two is that we are
already in the global economic collapse
so let's look at that for a moment here
when I go around the world and I do some
traveling I talked to the people locally
in the area I get the same picture okay
this is all over different cities of
Europe this is in Toronto this is in
anywhere that I've been any people that
I've talked to from places I haven't
been yet what we have is it divided in
between the rich and poor and that
continues to increase as time goes on
this is absolute phenomenon that occurs
today right now and as time moves on I
see it more than war okay so what we are
seeing here is that there are people
driving Maseratis and Ferraris and
Lamborghinis around the world at the
same time you're seeing more and more
homeless people on the streets but when
you factor in other social assistance
programs that probably didn't exist
prior to let's say for example Great
Depression where you had the bread lines
and everything else that doesn't exist
today because of food stamps because of
all the other government assistance
safety net type programs that are there
so surely we don't have the same
situation in a way but really it's just
being covered up more people are in debt
now today
they ever have been that's a fact right
well look at that and think to ourselves
well what does that really mean
I hear it all the time in the comments
that doesn't exist that is all to
ourselves therefore we don't have to
worry about it
excellent that's right get into the most
amount of debt that you've ever been and
you'll see what happens look at the
cities and states that are in trouble
today okay when they have a pension
crisis is it okay then they just wipe
the debt off the books no absolutely not
what do they do they cut they cut every
single time and that that didn't matter
before but all of a sudden that does it
does so that's what I think is very
important that people aren't paying
attention to they think well the debt
would just be wiped off that
hyperinflation they're not going to let
you get away with it that's the
difference you think they let you get
away with it but they're not they're the
bankers they created that they own and
control this system they're not going to
let you go scot-free I assure you and
that's the way this system is designed
is designed to trap you in that's what I
get to my point of this video here now
we're looking at we are looking at this
from different perspectives than the
average individual so look at this from
the side of people have been investing
perhaps from before the financial crisis
but that from the afterwards and there's
a lot of people who have been climbing
in more recently because they've seen
all the gains and they've been missing
out so they pile in and so they pile it
and so they pile in they've been piling
up all of their finances into the stock
market into bonds it's ETFs and to
everything else just piling and piling
in and they've been making more money
they've been doing this whole time and
they've been very
happy with the results now those
financial companies own your assets for
the time being but you'll be able to get
it out when the time comes you'll be
able to sell right you'll know when the
time is right and you're going to sell
well that's good for you you'll be one
of the few because most people don't
sell most people don't know when the
time is right and unfortunately they
will be slaughtered but you know when
the time is right so that's good that's
good thing I believe that what is
happening right now just as in all other
previous crashes is that we have big
billionaires we have the elite they are
the ones who are putting all their money
into these businesses they know exactly
what's happening they know when the
crash is gonna happen beforehand and
they are told okay just hang on are they
told to advise to sell beforehand or or
what have you you don't know that they
do then everything collapses and they're
okay they know the situation maybe
they've already sold off maybe they've
switched over to the proper asset which
would appreciate a value rather than
depreciate maybe they bought land and
said who knows all I know is that they
know beforehand and you don't and they
have decided to take action or hold off
and you are left holding an asset that
is depreciated right to the bottom
but you think well I don't need to worry
because I'll just hold I'll hold on to
that asset and I'll wait a wait at the
time to be right then I can sell it
later
well time ticks by and if you look at
for example with the financial crisis we
had assets depreciating let's say 2008
and they started coming down 2009 was
the bottom and all the way up until 70
years later maybe you know let's be fair
let's say even six years maybe eight
years later the stock market has
exceeded where it was before of course
then you factor into a real inflation
that's really not the case but let's
just say about seven years it took for
it to come back so now seven years later
you have your money back
well that's pretty good how about this
how will you give me your money and I'll
give it back to
in seven years I promise pinkie swear
crossed my fingers all that stuff does
that sound good no you wouldn't do that
because if I was wearing a suit in the
tie and I was in a big office well that
would be a different story but I got an
old t-shirt on and so you don't believe
me but why not you believe these guys I
mean they've been known they've been
caught over and over again criminals
criminals but they're wearing a suit and
tie and they fooled you every single
minute now does that mean that you are
not able to buy socks sell them and make
the profit absolutely you can do that
many people can do that in fact many
people are doing it all the time the
question is will you sell at the right
time I believe that what's happening
right now is that people are being
suckered into the system and they will
be screwed over and I want to be the one
to say look I was trying to do my best
to warn everyone that's all I'm not
making any money off of the fact that
you're investing in stocks and you're
seeing your assets appreciate that's you
that's on you I don't do that so the
reason I mentioned this year is because
of constantly seeing people that are
doubting what's happening within the
financial system look people are making
money that's a fact you have to really
look at it for what you want if you are
able to put your money in and let it
ride well that's fine but you don't own
that asset anymore and that's really
what I want to tell you when you own
your own house you can let's say you
know sort of you own it but really if
you don't pay your rent that is your
property taxes you will not be allowed
to live there I understand that but at
least to some degree it's your place and
for the most part you have a better hold
over it than a financial asset like a
stock there's nothing in life that's
going to be given to you 100% that's for
sure
but when I look at the financial system
I see it as basically being a crock
right now maybe there's a time in which
this will be better I don't know but
it's just the way that I look at it
right now
and also we have to factor in that
what's happening now is seems to be a
way for people to get sucked into the
system they trap you they give you those
returns to give you those gains
people get suckered in I don't want to
see that happen to people we need to
take our own advice we need to take the
knowledge that we've been building and
actually put it into practice a lot of
people aren't doing that and that's what
I really see they're just waiting for
some event to occur and then they're
going to react well we should be acting
today just a video yesterday which you
can check out which will be important to
you where I talk about getting into
things becoming self-sufficient and
that's the way we need to do this
because we want to evade this collapse
we want to avoid the monetary system as
much as possible and in order to do that
we need to use our skills that we have
so that's what I say for this I hope
that it was informative to you doing a
little bit of a rant here and you know I
hope that was something that you could
take home you could learn from and then
use me as a launching pad that's really
what I am I'm basically taking
information I'm aggravated it together
and squeezing it down then I give it to
you in short concise pieces you could
take that launching pad and you could do
something great with it so that's all
for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and take it